fix: wording/grammar in the walkthrough (#379)
aerogear/datasync-starter: walkthroughs/1-exploring-datasync-codeready/walkthrough.adoc

[time=30]
=== Setting your DataSync project using in CodeReady

In this section we will use CodeReady Workspaces as a development environment to work with the DataSync Starter project.

. Navigate to the solution explorer
. Go to the "All Services" tab 
. Go to "Online IDE" and select "Open Console"
. Login to the CodeReady Workspaces dashboard
. Edit the URL in your browser and append following path to the CodeReady hostname `/f?url=https://github.com/aerogear/datasync-starter/tree/walkthrough`
For example `https://che.openshift.io/f?url=https://github.com/aerogear/datasync-starter/tree/walkthrough`
. Wait for the workspace to start
. In the active workspace, run the `Install dependencies` command
The commands are listed in the `MyWorkspace` view available by selecting the box icon in the right top corner of the screen.

=== Creating your DataSync model

Based on a user defined **Model** DataSync generates the underlying GraphQL API and database resources.
The Starter template uses MongoDB as the default datasource for storing application data.

. In your project go to the `./model/task.graphql` file. 

> This file contains a partial link:https://graphql.org/learn/schema/#object-types-and-fields[GraphQL Schema, window="_blank"]. Here you can define the data your application will deal with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file contains an link:https://graphql.org/learn/schema/#object-types-and-fields[GraphQL Schema, window="_blank"]. Here you can define types of the data your application will work with. Graphback will use your model and generate underlying data access methods in the form of GraphQL Queries and Mutations
```
